# Performing a Search

## The Request

Technic uses a pretty basic system for searches.

To perform a modpack search simply perform a GET request like the following:

```http
http://www.technicpack.net/search/modpacks/ta/?s={search-query}&p={page-number}&c=0&se=0&st={stream}
```

Where:

* Search-query is a lowercase, - seperated version of the search query.
* Page-number is an integer starting at 1.
* Stream is either `trending`, `popular`, `updated`, or `created`.

## The Return

This will return JSON of varying length.

It looks a bit like this:

```json
{
    "total":1,
    "modpacks":[
        {
	   "id": "552795",
	   "name": "Star Wars Ultra Pack!",
	   "friendly_name": "star-wars-ultra-pack",
	   "url": "http:\/\/www.technicpack.net\/modpack\/star-wars-ultra-pack.552795",
	   "total_ratings": 17,
	   "total_installs": "14275",
	   "total_runs": 1,
	   "official": 0,
	   "short_description": "This pack is all about Star Wars! 2.0 is one the way!",
       "icon": 1,
       "icon_url": "http:\/\/cdn.technicpack.net\/platform2\/pack-icons\/552795.png?1457932774",
       "logo": 1,
       "logo_url": "http:\/\/cdn.technicpack.net\/platform2\/pack-logos\/552795.png?1457932774",
       "background": 1,
       "background_url": "http:\/\/cdn.technicpack.net\/platform2\/pack-backgrounds\/552795.jpg?1457932774",
       "created_at": "2014-12-26 20:29:09"
       }
    ]
}
```

### Breakdown:

* Total is the total number of results (*all of the results*, not just for that page)
* Modpacks is an array of the results for that page.

#### Modpacks

* ID: An internal ID number of some kind.
* Name: The name users see, complete with punctuation and spaces.
* Friendly Name: The name computers use to _identify_ the modpack.
* URL: The URL of the technicpack page.
* Total Ratings: The amount of _likes_ the modpack has.
* Total Installs: The number of times the modpack has been installed.
* Total Runs: The number of times the modpack has been run.
* Official: Whether or not the modpack is an 'official' Technicpack modpack. 1 = true, 0 = false.
* Short Description: The short description of the modpack.
* Icon: Whether or not the modpack has an icon. 1 = true, 0 = false.
* Icon URL: The URL for the modpack's icon (if applicable).
* Logo: Whether or not the modpack has an logo. 1 = true, 0 = false.
* Logo URL: The URL for the modpack's logo (if applicable).
* Background: Whether or not the modpack has an background image. 1 = true, 0 = false.
* Background URL: The URL for the modpack's background image (if applicable).
* Created At: Exact date and time of the modpack's creation (yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss)